Add support for lambda permission import (#9369)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/lambda_permission.html.markdown

 * `statement_id_prefix` - (Optional) A statement identifier prefix. Terraform will generate a unique suffix. Conflicts with `statement_id`.

[1]: https://developer.amazon.com/docs/custom-skills/host-a-custom-skill-as-an-aws-lambda-function.html#use-aws-cli

## Import

> Lambda Function Aliases can be imported using the function_name/statement_id, e.g.

Reviewer: I think this should read something like: 
```suggestion
Lambda permission statements can be imported using the function_name/statement_id, e.g.
```
Could you double-check that please?

Author: Addressed f925fb2

> Lambda permission statements can be imported using the function_name/statement_id, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda permission statements can be imported using function_name/statement_id, with an optional qualifier, e.g.
```

```

> $ terraform import aws_lambda_function_permission.test_lambda_permission my_test_lambda_function/AllowExecutionFromCloudWatch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ terraform import aws_lambda_function_permission.test_lambda_permission my_test_lambda_function/AllowExecutionFromCloudWatch

$ terraform import aws_lambda_function_permission.test_lambda_permission my_test_lambda_function:qualifier_name/AllowExecutionFromCloudWatch
```
